Making changes suggested by our docs writers (#9)
redhat-developer/service-endpoint-definition: README.md

# Service Endpoint Definition

> This is the repository to share service endpoint definitions (SEDs).

Reviewer: Suggestion: Define SEDs. For example, you can write something like this: SEDs are secrets that users can create directly to test whether their workloads are compliant with Service Binding Operator (SBO).

Author: OK

> Kubernetes workloads often depend on one or more cloud services. While services could be running on the local cluster, they could also be running on remote clusters and public cloud providers. The introduction of [Service Binding Operator](https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-binding-operator) kick-started an effort to standardize the way OpenShift workloads bind with cloud services. Service Binding Operator implements the [Service Binding Specification](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#service-binding-specification-for-kubernetes) which defines the standard for both service providers and application developers to follow to easily connectr workloads to services. The end goal is for each service provider to develop Kubernetes controllers that define the abstraction of their services in Kubernetes through custom resource definitions (CRDs) that define their Service Instance Types (SITs). According to the Service Binding specification, these SITs are spec-compliant if they provide a reference to a secret which contains the Service Endpoing Definition (SED). With spec-compliant SITs, application developers will have a standard way to read the SED data into their workload. When a SIT makes a reference to the SED as per the specification, the controller implements Provisioned Service method to enable services to be bindable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes workloads often depend on one or more cloud services. While services could be running on the local cluster, they could also be running on remote clusters and public cloud providers. The introduction of [Service Binding Operator](https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-binding-operator) kick-started an effort to standardize the way OpenShift workloads bind with cloud services. Service Binding Operator implements the [Service Binding specification](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#service-binding-specification-for-kubernetes) which defines the standard for both service providers and application developers to follow to easily connect workloads to services. The end goal is for each service provider to develop Kubernetes controllers that define the abstraction of their services in Kubernetes through custom resource definitions (CRDs) that define their Service Instance Types (SITs). According to the Service Binding specification, these SITs are spec-compliant if they provide a reference to a secret that contains the Service Endpoint Definition (SED). With spec-compliant SITs, application developers will have a standard way to read the SED data into their workload. When an SIT makes a reference to the SED as per the specification, the controller implements Provisioned Service method to enable services to be bindable.
```

> Service Binding Operator 1.0 was released at the end of 2021 and the Service Binding Spec 1.0 was released at the begining of 2022. Although there has been some early efforts to support the concept of Provisioned Service, the adoption of the Service Binding specification is still in bootstrap stage. There are still multiple service providers that have not yet implemented the provisioned service concept leaving application developers wondering how they can start implementing the standard on their side. To cover that transition the Service Binding specification also introduces the concept of direct secret binding, which allows SEDs to be created manually by an administrator. Developers can start implementing their workloads to read data from these SEDs and be ready for the automation that will be available in the near future as service providers implement the Service Binding specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Binding Operator 1.0 was released at the end of 2021 and the Service Binding Spec 1.0 was released at the beginning of 2022. Although there have been some early efforts to support the concept of Provisioned Service, the adoption of the Service Binding specification is still in the bootstrap stage. There are still multiple service providers that have not yet implemented the provisioned service concept leaving application developers wondering how they can start implementing the standard on their side. To cover that transition the Service Binding specification also introduces the concept of direct secret reference, which allows SEDs to be created manually by an administrator. As service providers implement the Service Binding specification, developers can start implementing their workloads to read data from these SEDs and be ready for the automation that will be available in the near future."
```

Reviewer: Question: In this sentence: "To cover that transition the Service Binding specification also introduces the concept of **direct secret reference**, ..."

- Is this the Direct secret reference method? Or is Direct secret reference different from Direct secret binding?

Reviewer: Suggestion: After the above para, you can start another paragraph like this: " With SEDs, you can ..."

- It will be good to highlight in simple terms: "what problem is this feature trying to solve?"
- It will be great if you can mention how SED helps or benefits an administrator Vs app developer Vs service provider.

Author: For direct secret reference I added a link to the spec to make more explicit what it means. 

Adding the paragraph you suggested.

# SEDs as helm charts
This project will deliver SEDs as Helm charts. The requirements of the Helm charts are as follows:

> 1. Chart delivers a secret the follows the Service Binding specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Chart delivers a secret that follows the Service Binding specification.
```
Or
```suggestion
1. Chart delivers a secret and follows the Service Binding specification.
```
Question: Did you mean "that" or "and"? Select the one that is appropriate. Thanks!

Author: "That" is what I need, thanks

1. Chart has a test that can verify the health of the SED being defined.

> # Not a helm chart repository

Reviewer: Suggestion: Remove this heading.

Just keep the subsequent paragraph under a Note section. For example:

NOTE:

- This repository is not intended to create a Helm chart repository.
- The aim of this repository is to create an environment for the peer review of SED Helm charts.
-  After the chart is developed, it will be maintained here. But the releases of the chart will happen on Helm chart repositories such as the OpenShift Helm Chart Repository.
- The OpenShift Helm Chart Repository is both a Helm repository and a Red Hat Helm chart certification flow that verifies whether your charts can run properly on OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) clusters.

Suggest moving this Note section after the 1st paragraph of the Service Endpoint Definition heading (after L5).

Author: I think is better to leave as paragraph a not as a bullet list. Will remove header with NOTE but will prefer to leave this note right where it is as it addresses the fact that we are delivering SEDs as helm charts

> The aim with this repo is not to create a Helm chart repository, but to create an environment for peer review of SED Helm charts. After the chart is developed it will be maintained here, but the releases of the chart will happen on Helm chart repositories such as the [OpenShift Helm Chart Repository](https://github.com/openshift-helm-charts/charts). The OpenShift Helm Chart Repository is not only aHhelm repository, but also a Red Hat Helm chart certification flow that  verifies whether your charts can run properly on OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The aim of this repo is not to create a Helm chart repository, but to create an environment for peer review of SED Helm charts. After the chart is developed it will be maintained here, but the releases of the chart will happen on Helm chart repositories such as the [OpenShift Helm Chart Repository](https://github.com/openshift-helm-charts/charts). The OpenShift Helm Chart Repository is not only a Helm repository but also a Red Hat Helm chart certification flow that verifies whether your charts can run properly on the OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) clusters.
```

> # Using the SED chart to test your application can connect with target service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using the SED chart to test that your workload can connect to the backing service
```

Author: Removed the test part let me know what you think here

> As a cluster administrator, you can use SED chart to test that your workload can connect to backing service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a cluster administrator, you can use the SED chart to test that your workload can connect to the backing service.
```

> After the SED chart is certified it should be published to the [Helm Chart Repository Index](https://charts.openshift.io/index.yaml) 

Reviewer: Suggestion: Put this as a prerequisite. For example:

**Prerequisites:**
- The certified SED chart is published on the Helm Chart Repository Index.
- You have created and deployed a workload, for example, `ssm-bee` deployment in your namespace.
- You have installed the Service Binding Operator from the OperatorHub.

Author: Done

## Procedure

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion: Please use the ordered list or the numbers list for the steps in the procedure.

Author: Hum... don't know how to do that with all the lines after each step, how would markdown know is a new step or a new list. I will try

- To use the chart, add the SED repository to your Helm chart repository:

```
helm repo add openshift-helm-charts https://charts.openshift.io/
```

After the SED repository is added, the SED Helm chart is available for installation. For example, to verify that the certified psql-sed Helm chart is available for PostgreSQL SED, you can run the following command:

```
helm search repo openshift-helm-charts | grep psql-sed
```

> Example Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example Output:**
```
Bold this heading. Global comment. Check and apply this comment to all similar instances.

```

> openshift-helm-charts/redhat-psql-sed                   1.0.0           1.0.0           A Helm chart for PostgreSQL Service Endpoint De...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
openshift-helm-charts/redhat-psql-sed                   1.0.0           1.0.0           A Helm chart for PostgreSQL Service Endpoint De...
```
```suggestion
openshift-helm-charts/redhat-psql-sed                   1.0.0           1.0.0           A Helm chart for PostgreSQL Service Endpoint Definition
```

> ```

Reviewer: Suggestion: Insert this after L43:

The output verifies that the SED repository is now added and is available in the Helm chart repository.

> - To install the chart, gather the information required by the chart to connect to the service. For example, to gather service information for the psql-sed Helm chart  and show the values expected by the chart at install time, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To install the chart, gather the information required by the chart to connect to the service. For example, to gather service information for the psql-sed Helm chart  and show the values expected by the chart at the time of its installation, run the following command:
```
Question: Do you mean this: "at the time of its installation"? 

Not clear here, Please rewrite for clarity.

Author: done

```
helm show values openshift-helm-charts/redhat-psql-sed
```

> Example Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example Output:**
```

# Service Endpoint Definition

> This is the repository to share service endpoint definitions (SEDs). SEDs are secrets containing Service Specific information such as endpoints and credentials. These secrets can be bound to running kubernetes workolads so that they are able to connect to the service they represent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the repository to share service endpoint definitions (SEDs). SEDs are secrets containing service-specific information such as endpoints and credentials. These secrets can be bound to running Kubernetes workloads so that they can connect to the service they represent.
```

> Kubernetes workloads often depend on one or more cloud services. While services could be running on the local cluster, they could also be running on remote clusters and public cloud providers. The introduction of [Service Binding Operator](https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-binding-operator) kick-started an effort to standardize the way OpenShift workloads bind with cloud services. Service Binding Operator implements the [Service Binding specification](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#service-binding-specification-for-kubernetes) which defines the standard for both service providers and application developers to follow to easily connect workloads to services. The end goal is for each service provider to develop Kubernetes controllers that define the abstraction of their services in Kubernetes through custom resource definitions (CRDs) that define their Service Instance Types (SITs). According to the Service Binding specification, these SITs are spec-compliant if they provide a reference to a secret that contains the Service Endpoint Definition (SED). With spec-compliant SITs, application developers will have a standard way to read the SED data into their workload. When an SIT makes a reference to the SED as per the specification, the controller implements [Provisioned Service](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#provisioned-service) method to enable services to be bindable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes workloads often depend on one or more cloud services. While services could be running on the local cluster, they could also be running on remote clusters and public cloud providers. The introduction of [Service Binding Operator](https://github.com/redhat-developer/service-binding-operator) kick-started an effort to standardize the way OpenShift workloads bind with cloud services. Service Binding Operator implements the [Service Binding specification](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#service-binding-specification-for-kubernetes) which defines the standard for both service providers and application developers to follow to easily connect workloads to services. The end goal is for each service provider to develop Kubernetes controllers that define the abstraction of their services in Kubernetes through custom resource definitions (CRDs) that define their Service Instance Types (SITs). According to the Service Binding specification, these SITs are spec-compliant if they provide a reference to a secret that contains the Service Endpoint Definition (SED). With spec-compliant SITs, application developers will have a standard way to read the SED data into their workload. When an SIT makes a reference to the SED as per the specification, the controller implements the [Provisioned Service](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#provisioned-service) method to enable services to be bindable.
```

> Service Binding Operator 1.0 was released at the end of 2021 and the Service Binding Spec 1.0 was released at the beginning of 2022. Although there have been some early efforts to support the concept of Provisioned Service, the adoption of the Service Binding specification is still in the bootstrap stage. There are still multiple service providers that have not yet implemented the provisioned service concept leaving application developers wondering how they can start implementing the standard on their side. To cover that transition the Service Binding specification also introduces the concept of [direct secret reference](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#direct-secret-reference), which allows SEDs to be created manually by an administrator. As service providers implement the Service Binding specification, developers can start implementing their workloads to read data from these SEDs and be ready for the automation that will be available in the near future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Binding Operator 1.0 was released at the end of 2021 and the Service Binding Spec 1.0 was released at the beginning of 2022. Although there have been some early efforts to support the concept of Provisioned Service, the adoption of the Service Binding specification is still in the bootstrap stage. There are still multiple service providers that have not yet implemented the provisioned service concept leaving application developers wondering how they can start implementing the standard on their side. To cover that transition the Service Binding specification also introduces the concept of [direct secret reference](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#direct-secret-reference), which allows SEDs to be created manually by an administrator. As service providers implement the Service Binding specification, developers can start implementing their workloads to read data from these SEDs and be ready for the automation that will be available in the near future.
```
```suggestion
Service Binding Operator 1.0 was released at the end of 2021 and the Service Binding Spec 1.0 was released at the beginning of 2022. Although there have been some early efforts to support the concept of Provisioned Service, the adoption of the Service Binding specification is still in the bootstrap stage. There are still multiple service providers that have not yet implemented the provisioned service concept leaving application developers wondering how they can start implementing the standard on their side. To cover that transition the Service Binding specification also introduces the concept of [direct secret reference](https://github.com/servicebinding/spec#direct-secret-reference), which allows SEDs to be created manually by an administrator. As service providers implement the Service Binding specification, developers can start implementing their workloads to read data from these SEDs and be ready for the automation that will be available in the near future.
```

> With SEDs, an administrator can define bindable secrets that describe a service connection even if such services is not represented in the Kuberentes cluster. Examples of this type of services are services that are provisioned directly in public cloud providers. For service providers that want to implement Provisioned Services, the SEDs will serve as a guide for the type and format of data that workloads expect from their services when using Service Bindings. On the other hand, the application providers will be able to use SEDs to bind to services that are not even repersented with Kubernetes custome resources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With SEDs, an administrator can define bindable secrets that describe a service connection even if such services are not represented in the Kubernetes cluster. For example, services that are provisioned directly by public cloud providers. When implementing provisioned services, the SEDs serve as a guide for service providers by providing secrets for the type and format of data that workloads expect from their services when using service bindings. In addition, the application providers can use SEDs to bind to services that are not even represented with Kubernetes custom resources. 
```
Question: Are these application developers/application providers/service providers? Please clarify.

# SEDs as helm charts
This project will deliver SEDs as Helm charts. The requirements of the Helm charts are as follows:
1. Chart delivers a secret that follows the Service Binding specification for a specific cloud service.

> 1. Chart has a test that can verify the health of the service represented by the SED being defined. See [Helm Chart Tests](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/chart_tests/) for more details and examples on how to implement a Helm test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Chart has a test that can verify the health of the service represented by the SED being defined. See [Helm Chart Tests](https://helm.sh/docs/topics/chart_tests/) for more details and examples on how to implement a Helm test.
```

NOTE:

> The aim of this repo is not to create a Helm chart repository, but to create an environment for peer review of SED Helm charts. After the chart is developed it will be maintained here, but the releases of the chart will happen on Helm chart repositories such as the [OpenShift Helm Chart Repository](https://github.com/openshift-helm-charts/charts). The OpenShift Helm Chart Repository is not only a Helm repository but also a Red Hat Helm chart certification flow that verifies whether your charts can run properly on the OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is not intended to create a Helm chart repository. The aim of this repository is to create an environment for the peer review of SED Helm charts. After the chart is developed, it will be maintained here. But the releases of the chart will happen on Helm chart repositories such as the OpenShift Helm Chart Repository. The OpenShift Helm Chart Repository is both a Helm repository and a Red Hat Helm chart certification flow that verifies whether your charts can run properly on OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) clusters.
```

# Using the SED chart to connect your workload to the backing service

As a cluster administrator, you can use the SED chart to connect your workload to backing service.

Prerequisites:

> - The SED chart is published on a Helm Chart Repository such as [Helm Chart Repository Index](https://charts.openshift.io/index.yaml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The SED chart is published on a Helm Chart Repository such as [Helm Chart Repository Index](https://charts.openshift.io/index.yaml).
```

>     databasename: mydatabase

Reviewer: Provide inputs: We need 5 call-outs with their descriptions for the parameters mentioned here under the sed field.

For example, refer to the callouts under the example here: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/applications/connecting_applications_to_services/binding-workloads-using-sbo.html#composing-custom-binding-data

Author: Not sure what you mean here.

```

> - After you gather the information for your service, create a local `values.yaml` file:

Reviewer: Question: What is the purpose of creating this local `values.yaml` file?

Author: To be able to override the default values.

```
helm show values openshift-helm-charts/redhat-psql-sed > values.yaml
```

- Edit the local `values.yaml` file with the service information you gathered.

> - Deploy the PostgreSQL SED. For example, for the psql-sed Helm chart, run the following command:

Reviewer: Question: Or Is this the verification step to confirm that the repo is now added and is available in the Helm chart repository?

Author: This is the install step no verification here

```
helm install my-psql-sed openshift-helm-charts/redhat-psql-sed -f values.yaml
```

> Example Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example Output:**
```

```
NAME: my-psql-sed
LAST DEPLOYED: Fri Apr 29 10:37:46 2022
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
```

> - Verify the secrete got deployed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify that the secret got deployed: For example, there should be an `io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed` secret for the psql-sed Helm chart. You can verify the SED by checking your secrets:
```

```
oc get secrets | grep io.servicebinding
```

> Example Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example Output:**
```

```
io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed                              servicebinding.io/postgresql          7      18m
```

- Test the PostgreSQL SED deployed:

```
helm test my-psql-sed
```

> Example Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example Output:**
```

```
NAME: my-psql-sed
LAST DEPLOYED: Fri Apr 29 10:37:46 2022
NAMESPACE: default
STATUS: deployed
REVISION: 1
TEST SUITE:     my-psql-sed-sed-test
Last Started:   Fri Apr 29 10:40:08 2022
Last Completed: Fri Apr 29 10:40:28 2022
Phase:          Succeeded
```

> The previous output verifies that the service represented by the PostgreSQL SED is healthy and bindable to any workload.

Reviewer: Question: What do we mean by healthy? Provide inputs to clarify.

Author: changed, hope it makes sense now, healthy service makes sense to me though

- Create a `ServiceBinding` custom resource (CR) YAML file.

```

> cat psql-sbo.yaml 

Reviewer: Suggestion: Please check the indentation.

    databasename: mydatabase
```

3. After you gather the information for your service, create a local `values.yaml` file:

```
helm show values openshift-helm-charts/redhat-psql-sed > values.yaml
```

> 4. Edit the local `values.yaml` file with the service information you gathered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Edit the local `values.yaml` file to override the default values with the service information you gathered.
```

>     name:       io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed

Reviewer: Suggestion: Please check the indentation.

Author: That is valid yaml, some people like it aligned like that

```

- Apply the `Service Binding` CR to project the binding data of the secret to your `ssm-bee` deployment: 

```
oc apply -f psql-sbo.yaml
```

> Example Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example Output:**
```

```
servicebinding.servicebinding.io/psql-service-ssm-app created
```

> After applying the `psql-sbo` CR, assuming that there is already a `ssm-bee` deployment in your namepsace and Service Binding Operator installed, Service Binding Operator projects the binding data to your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After applying the `psql-sbo` CR, assuming that there is already a `ssm-bee` deployment in your namespace and Service Binding Operator installed, Service Binding Operator projects the binding data to your deployment.
```

> - To verify that the binding has occured, check the volumes and volume mounts sections under the `spec` field of your deployment. It shows that the secret io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed has been mounted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To verify that the binding has occurred, check the volumes and volume mounts sections under the `spec` field of your deployment. 
```

```
oc get deployment ssm-bee -o yaml
```

> Example Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example Output:**
```

```
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: psql-service-ssm-app
          secret:

>             secretName: io.servicebinding.davpsedpsql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            secretName: io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed
```
Question: Why is it showing as davsedpsql? Refer to L139.

Author: good catch, two different times I ran the command, changing

            defaultMode: 420
```

> 

Reviewer: Insert this after L172: The output verifies that the `io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed` secret has been mounted and the binding has occurred.

Author: done

> - Verify the status of your `ServiceBinding` object. I shows that all conditions under status has the `status` field set to true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify the status of your `ServiceBinding` custom resource:
```

Reviewer: Suggestion: Can we say: "custom resource"? OR
"Verify that the request for service binding is successful:"?

Author: I think is OK, or we can say ServiceBinding Instance

```
oc get servicebinding.servicebinding.io psql-service-ssm-app -o yaml
```

> Example Output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example Output:**
```

```
status:
  binding:

>     name: io.servicebinding.davpsedpsql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed
```
Question: Why is it showing as davsedpsql? Refer to L139.
```

Author: changed

  conditions:
    - lastTransitionTime: '2022-05-02T18:52:10Z'
      message: ''
      reason: DataCollected
      status: 'True'
      type: CollectionReady
    - lastTransitionTime: '2022-05-02T18:52:10Z'
      message: ''
      reason: ApplicationUpdated
      status: 'True'
      type: InjectionReady
    - lastTransitionTime: '2022-05-02T18:52:10Z'
      message: ''
      reason: ApplicationsBound
      status: 'True'
      type: Ready

> ```

Reviewer: Insert this after L201: - The output verifies that all conditions under the `status` field have their `status` field set to `True`. The output establishes that all the values from the secret are projected as binding data into the `ssm-bee` deployment and the workload is now connected to the backing service.

Author: done

    name:       io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed
```

9. Apply the `Service Binding` CR to project the binding data of the secret to your `ssm-bee` deployment: 

```
oc apply -f psql-sbo.yaml
```

**Example Output:**

```
servicebinding.servicebinding.io/psql-service-ssm-app created
```

> After applying the `psql-sbo` CR, assuming that there is already a `ssm-bee` deployment in your namespace and Service Binding Operator installed, Service Binding Operator projects the binding data to your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After applying the `psql-sbo` CR, assuming that there is already a `ssm-bee` deployment in your namespace and Service Binding Operator installed, the Service Binding Operator projects the binding data to your deployment.
```

10. To verify that the binding has occurred, check the volumes and volume mounts sections under the `spec` field of your deployment. 

```
oc get deployment ssm-bee -o yaml
```

**Example Output:**

```
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: psql-service-ssm-app
          secret:
            secretName: io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed
            defaultMode: 420
```

> The output verifies that the io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed secret has been mounted and the binding has occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output verifies that the `io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed` secret has been mounted and the binding has occurred.
```

11. Verify the status of your `ServiceBinding` instance. It shows that all conditions under status has the `status` field set to true:

```
oc get servicebinding.servicebinding.io psql-service-ssm-app -o yaml
```

**Example Output:**

```
status:
  binding:
    name: io.servicebinding.my-psql-sed
  conditions:
    - lastTransitionTime: '2022-05-02T18:52:10Z'
      message: ''
      reason: DataCollected
      status: 'True'
      type: CollectionReady
    - lastTransitionTime: '2022-05-02T18:52:10Z'
      message: ''
      reason: ApplicationUpdated
      status: 'True'
      type: InjectionReady
    - lastTransitionTime: '2022-05-02T18:52:10Z'
      message: ''
      reason: ApplicationsBound
      status: 'True'
      type: Ready
```

> The output verifies that all conditions under the status field have their status field set to True. The output establishes that all the values from the secret are projected as binding data into the ssm-bee deployment and the workload is now connected to the backing service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output verifies that all conditions under the `status` field have their `status` field set to `True`. The output establishes that all the values from the secret are projected as binding data into the `ssm-bee` deployment and the workload is now connected to the backing service.
```
